Born in Bradford, England. I grew up with a passion for music, football and travel. Although I was never any good, I'd play football with friends pretty much every day. I also supported the local football team, Bradford City and I went to watch nearly every game for many years. I used to enjoy discovering new towns and cities when following them to away matches. In my teens, I taught myself how to play guitar and eventually I played in a couple of bands until work got in the way.

Looking back, I often feel a slight regret at not having gone to university, although at the time, I didn't have any idea as to the path I wanted to follow - finance, law and business were suggested but with hindsight, had I taken any of those it would have been a complete waste of time as I have no interest for any of them. The degree on my record would have been nice of course but I still think it's a little insane to ask a 14 year old child to decide their future path.

In the end, my education ended after high school and I tried my hand with various jobs, a printing apprenticeship being the highlight before one day, I was informed of an advertisement in the local newspaper by my mum in which it used travelling the world as bait to lure people into training as a croupier and it certainly got me hooked and so I trained for six weeks and started work at the Bradford casino. I was actually there four years and left only after my mum lost her battle with cancer and not as I had envisioned: to sail the high seas.

The next phase of my life began, I left Bradford for France with a tent and spent the next six months camping in Bordeaux, Avignon and Chateauneuf du Pape, working on campsites and vineyards to pay my way. Then once summer was over and the campsites were closing, I headed to the Netherlands where I heardthe tulip season created many jobs for seasonal workers. Working in a tulip factory wasn't much fun so instead I accepted a position installing windows and spent much of my year in Holland working at Schipol airport in Amsterdam where a new wing was being constructed.

After that, I decided it was time to go back to England, though I wanted to go somewhere new and so I went to Bournemouth on the south coast where they had a Casino and immediately I found myself a job. Career wise, I did well in Bournemouth, not only did I start as a senior supervisor which was a better position than I left my previous Casino job in Bradford but within six months I was a junior pit boss, which was a managerial role. However, I entered the Casino profession with one goal only and that was to travel the world by cruise ship and at this point, six years had passed and I hadn't achieved my goal, so remained a big hole which left me feeling unfilfilled. Anyway, after two years in Bournemouth, I finally left for the cruise ships and I spent the next two years travelling the world which was a brilliant time.

Whilst on the ships, I met my future wife, so the next phase of my life began. My wife is Romanian and so since leaving the ships, we've hopped between Romania and the UK but we've been based in Bucharest since 2010. Having worked on the ships, I lost my desire to work in Casino's and since then the challenge has been to find work that is rewarding both financially and emotionally. Initially, I took a role in finance en route to becoming a financial advisor, it was part work, part training and I had successfully completed one of the three exams that I needed to pass to become a qualified financial advisor when the financial world imploded late 2007. That would have made earning money very difficult in commission driven financial roles but fortunately for me, I discovered I had an entrepreneurial side and soon, I was earning 3 times my previous salary, all from the comfort of my home.

More recently, times have been up and down. Having not really played the guitar for a long while, I decided I wasn't as good as I thought I was and so I began practicing quite a lot and while in England last year, I formed a Stone Roses cover band and that was going really well but then my wife got called up for her kidney transplant and so I had to come back to Romania. During this time though, I discovered the most amazing thing. My wife suggested I try to get into coding as she thought I would like it given I'm always on a PC and I too thought I would, though I was dismissive of the idea as I believed I would need a degree or undertake expensive training but I began to look out of curiosity and to my astonishment, I found unlimited online resources teaching all forms of code and so I began to educate myself in web development and for the past year, I've gone from strength to strength and I've absolutely enjoyed every minute of it, I've finally found my calling and I'm now really looking forward to the future.

So that's my life in a nutshell.